The Last Lecture we created our own username and we used this function syntax.
Now on the first look decent X might look limited because we can't set the stage here.
However that also is an advantage.
We know that we can't set and change to state in there.
So it's a immutable component it can change from within it's a dump component and therefore it actually
is a good practice to only have a couple of components which have a state and which change to state
and then have more components like this which only output stuff this component can still change but
only if you change the prop's from outside.
So if we were to store the user names in the state of the app component and change it does come on here
would get updated in the dorm too.
But this is very efficient.
Since Riak knows to discard change from within.
That's just a side note.
And it's already a bit advanced to be honest.
But I wanted to mention it here so that you don't think that this function form of creating components
is bad.
It's just a different tool.
But if you don't need to change the state use that it's better.